Besides all dogs Boxing
we want to thank you for the
leadership that you are giving golden
boy and the tremendous fights that is
bringing thanks what are the plans
for 2015 that has oscar de la hoya
if not then the plans are the plans are
to keep presenting good fights of
good quality we are working on
several projects with dismissal and
showtime obviously we have a great
boxing series with fox fox sports and what
what is fox sports the plans are
continue to harvest the next champions
worldwide because that is what we know how to do
to cultivate those next champions for
boxing and it costs
February 27 is obviously going to be a night
very special to be able to see by the
big screen or small screen
foxsports human randy knight who is
world champion against a great warrior
Mexican, it's going to be a great
fight after that it's golden boy
promotions to introduce them to the public
that the best action talking about
world champions there are plans for
increase the international presence
of chicken goal because there is currently no
plans this obviously we want we want
follow
hiring international boxers
as is Paisa from China who measures 7
solid 280-pound feet now has a
current record of 22 fights 0 unbeaten with
two knockouts but in the future we have
plans to open offices
in what is england what is this
what is china what is mexico because
obviously boxing is a sport
international but first we have
to focus here on the states
united and talking about the usa
what do you think about what is true to sign the
contract and then now I do put
you wait, not obviously, I
I understand I understand it because then of
flat
Mayweather may be afraid of you
that I do not have any other excuse
because that fight is giving us
manny pacquiao wants to fight with him and
Well, I do not know why Mayweather does not
wants to fight for manny pacquiao the
truth that already already everything already a childbirth
and people want to see it so I
as a fan I would love to see that fight
but unfortunately it is not
offering that opportunity with
Canelo about which muscle if
plans are going to know tomorrow I will
to travel to san diego is concentrated and
training with your team
let's talk to him explain all
the options he is going to fight for sure the
May 2 live is not pay-per-view goes
enix be back signature and I send you a
very warm greeting very warm
part of oscar de la hoya February 27
oscar from the basin of randy knight no
miss it fanesi space casino fox
sports one behind